# ---------------------------------------------------------------------
# Telemetry configuration file. Maximum output rate is 100Hz
#
# path                          | output rate (Hz) | type
# ---------------------------------------------------------------------
sim_time                                1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/mass            1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/a_eci.0         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/a_eci.1         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/a_eci.2         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/r_eci.0         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/r_eci.1         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/r_eci.2         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/v_eci.0         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/v_eci.1         1            double
orbital/earth/telemetry/v_eci.2         1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/mass           1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/a_eci.0        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/a_eci.1        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/a_eci.2        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/r_eci.0        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/r_eci.1        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/r_eci.2        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/v_eci.0        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/v_eci.1        1            double
orbital/moon/telemetry/v_eci.2        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/mass           1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/a_eci.0        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/a_eci.1        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/a_eci.2        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/r_eci.0        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/r_eci.1        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/r_eci.2        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/v_eci.0        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/v_eci.1        1            double
orbital/apollo/telemetry/v_eci.2        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/mass           1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/a_eci.0        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/a_eci.1        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/a_eci.2        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/r_eci.0        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/r_eci.1        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/r_eci.2        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/v_eci.0        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/v_eci.1        1            double
orbital/sun/telemetry/v_eci.2        1            double
